Bucket Locks can now be edited from the Dashboard (#20545)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/buckets/bucket-locks.mdx

Before getting started, you will need:

- An existing R2 bucket. If you do not already have an existing R2 bucket, refer to [Create buckets](/r2/buckets/create-buckets/).
- If using the API, an API token with [permissions](/r2/api/s3/tokens/#permissions) to edit R2 bucket configuration.

> ### Enable bucket lock in the Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable bucket lock in the dashboard
```

> After creating your bucket, open the bucket `Settings` and navigate to `Bucket Lock Rules` where you can create a policy by clicking the `Add rule` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable bucket lock via the dashboard:

1. Go to **R2 Object Storage** and select the bucket.
2. Go to the **Settings** tab, and find **Bucket Lock Rules**. 
3. Create a policy by clicking the **Add rule** button.
```
